---
title:  "Professional experience"
subtitle: " "
author: "David"
avatar: "img/authors/david-tiny.jpg"
image: "img/e.jpg"
date:   2016-08-20 12:00:00
---

What I do

### Teaching Assistant, General Assembly
*Singapore, August 2016 - present*

At General Assembly's Web Development Immersive course, I assist in training a class of 20 students in becoming full-stack web developers.

---

### Graduate, General Assembly
*Singapore, May 2016 - August 2016*

Proud graduate of the Web Development Immersive (WDI3)! More details can be found in the About Me page

---

### Assistant Director, Ministry of Trade and Industry
*Singapore, August 2013 - May 2016*

I have two years of corporate experience in (i) research and economic analysis, (ii) project management, (iii) trade negotiations and (iv) strategic planning.

In my research portfolio, I analyzed trade flows and sectoral economic data to produce policy insights and actionable recommendations.

I also saw through the development and deployment of a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system for MTI. As the project manager on the business end, I managed the collaboration process with end-users and MTI management to ensure that the system met the needs of business users and provided a streamlined user experience.

I was part of the team which renegotiated the Singapore-Australia Free Trade Agreement and the Korea-Singapore Free Trade Agreement (KSFTA). I also provided support to MTI's senior management on MTI's organizational and strategic planning.

---

### Research Intern, International Centre for Trade and Sustainable Development (ICTSD)
*Geneva, Switzerland, May 2012 – July 2012*

At ICTSD, which is one of the most influential think tanks on international trade, I researched and provided content for wrote for their flagship publication, Bridges Weekly. Some of the topics which I covered include EU carbon emissions regulation, Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations, FTA negotiations (EU-Central America; China-Japan-Korea), US farm bill, EU CAP reform and WTO disputes.

---

### Publications intern, International Development Systems Inc. (IDS)

*Washington DC, USA, June 2011 – August 2011*
I drafted weekly trade policy updates arising from developments in Washington DC, Geneva and other relevant countries. I reported on trade issues such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and anti-dumping and countervailing duties (AD/CVD), among other issues.
